USER MANUAL

New Competitions:
1. To start, click on the "Competitions" link on the header bar
2. Click the "New Competitions" button
3. Enter a new name and then click "Create Competition"
4. For every way that this competition is scored:
	a. Click "Add Score Type"
	b. Enter the name of the score type
	c. Check "primary" if this is the primary way in which this competition is scored
	d. Check "mandatory" if a game cannot be played without this type of score being entered
	e. Check if a high score or low score of this type is better

New Players:
1. After competitions have been added, you're going to need players in your league
2. To start, click the "Players" link on the header bar
3. Click the "New Player" button
4. Enter a new "Name" and "Username" and click "Create Player"

New Teams:
1. If you are planning to make any team-based leagues, you must create new teams
2. To start, click the "Teams" link on the header bar
3. Click the "New Team" button
4. Enter the name of the new team and add each player on the team, by search by player name

New Leagues:
1. To create a new league, start by clicking the "Leagues" link on the header bar
2. Click the "New League" button
3. Enter the name of the league
4. If the games in the league are played by structured teams, select "Structured"
5. If the games in the league are played as "pickup games" in which the teams are not predefined, select "Unstructured"
6. Select the maximum number of games in a set
7. Select the maximum number of sets in a match
8. Select the type of competition played in games in this league
9. Click the "Create League" button
10. Add teams to the league
	a. Click the "Add Teams to League" button
	b. Search for each team that you want to add to the league
	c. Click the "Update League" button

Play New Games in a Structured League
1. Click the "New Game" button
2. Select the two teams that are playing against each other
3. Check the "won" checkbox for the team that won
4. Enter the score value for each score in the game
5. Click the "Create Game" button
6. If the set is not over, click the "New Game" button and repeat
7. If the match is not over, click the "New Set" button and repeat

Play New Games in an Unstructured League
1. Click the "New Game" button
2. Add each player who is present to the "hangout"
3. Click the "Create Hangout" button
4. Click the "New Game" button
5. Select the players on each team
6. Check the "won" checkbox for the team that won
7. Enter the score value for each score in the game
8. Click the "Create Game" button
9. If the set is not over, click the "New Game" button and repeat
10. If the match is not over, click the "New Set" button and repeat